blog: December 2024 newsletter (#283)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/ddev-dec-2024-newsletter.md

---
title: "DDEV December 2024 Newsletter"
pubDate: 2024-12-03
#modifiedDate: 2024-09-06
summary: DDEV November 2024 Newsletter
author: Randy Fay
featureImage:
  src: /img/blog/2024/12/nancy_lewis_colorado_river.jpg
  alt: Nancy Lewis painting of Colorado River near Palisade, Colorado
categories:
  - Community
---

**Hello DDEV Community!** It’s always a pleasure to reach out to you at the beginning of the month. Here are some updates for you.

> **DDEV v1.24.0** was released with lots of goodies, including the full PHP 8.4.1 with all extensions, including Xdebug. This is a major release with some deprecations and removals, please read the [release blog](release-v1.24.0-php8.4.md) and [release notes](https://github.com/ddev/ddev/releases/tag/v1.24.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DDEV v1.24.0** was released with lots of goodies, including PHP 8.4.1 with all extensions, as well as Xdebug. This is a major release with some deprecations and removals, please read the [release blog](release-v1.24.0-php8.4.md) and [release notes](https://github.com/ddev/ddev/releases/tag/v1.24.0).
```

**TYPO3 Community Budget Ideas:** DDEV has posted a community budget idea for TYPO3's [community budget process](https://typo3.org/article/budget-2025-ideas-for-quarter-1-2025-published-vote-now). We'd like to improve DDEV's xhprof and xhgui even beyond where [@tyler36](https://github.com/tyler36) has already taken the [DDEV xhgui add-on](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-xhgui) and incorporate it into core. If you're a member of the TYPO3 association you've gotten an email about voting on this, please vote for the DDEV proposal!

**DDEV Blogs and News**

* [DDEV Usage Statistics](stats-on-ddev-usage-nov-2024.md)
* [Setting up a Windows Machine for DDEV](windows-ddev-setup.md)
* [Contributor Training: DDEV Analytics with Amplitude](https://ddev.com/blog/amplitude-ddev-analytics-contributor-training/)

> * [DDEV Advisory Group Meeting](https://github.com/orgs/ddev/discussions/6682). These meetings happen bimonthly and you're always invited. The next one is Wednesday, January 8, 2025, and is the most important meeting of the year. We will review 2024 and plan for 2025. We'd love to have you [join us](https://www.meetup.com/ddev-events/events/303197425).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [DDEV Advisory Group Meeting](https://github.com/orgs/ddev/discussions/6682). These meetings happen every two months and you're always invited. The next one is Wednesday, January 8, 2025, and is the most important meeting of the year. We will review 2024 and plan for 2025. We'd love to have you [join us](https://www.meetup.com/ddev-events/events/303197425).
```

"bimonthly" means "twice a month or every two months" so we should be more specific.

* [DDEV matomo add-on](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/phase-2-week-3-whos-valery-lourie-nskjf/)

**Fully funding Maintainer Stas**: *We need your help and your organization's help! Let me know if you need help getting this into your 2025 budget!* Our key financial goal is to [fully fund @stasadev so he can work exclusively on DDEV](lets-fund-stas-maintainer.md). We’re about 30% of the way to that goal, but apparently due to market conditions, have been going backward in recent months. We need about $3700/month in increased pledges from organizations and individuals. See [Full information about supporting DDEV](https://github.com/sponsors/ddev). We’re happy to invoice you, happy to [do a call discussing this](https://cal.com/randyfay/30min), and would love it if you’d include DDEV in your 2025 budgeting process. (Our current status: We receive about $3000-$4000/month, spend about $4000/month. Bank balance is about $9,300, up from $9,000 last month.)

**THANKS to all of you who are supporting DDEV’s path to sustainability** and who have gotten your organizations to do so.

> Want to keep up as the month goes along? Follow our [blog](https://ddev.com/blog/), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ddev-foundation), [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@ddev), and join us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/5wjP76mBJD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to keep up as the month goes along? Follow our
* [blog](https://ddev.com/blog/), 
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ddev-foundation), 
* [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@ddev), 
* [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/ddev.bsky.social) 
* and join our community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/5wjP76mBJD).
```

Added BlueSky
Slight formatting might improve brand recognition for visual scanner?
Highlight the community hangs out at Discord

Author: Thanks!

**Fully funding Maintainer Stas**: *We need your help and your organization's help! Let me know if you need help getting this into your 2025 budget!* Our key financial goal is to [fully fund @stasadev so he can work exclusively on DDEV](lets-fund-stas-maintainer.md). We’re about 30% of the way to that goal, but apparently due to market conditions, have been going backward in recent months. We need about $3700/month in increased pledges from organizations and individuals. See [Full information about supporting DDEV](https://github.com/sponsors/ddev). We’re happy to invoice you, happy to [do a call discussing this](https://cal.com/randyfay/30min), and would love it if you’d include DDEV in your 2025 budgeting process. (Our current status: We receive about $3000-$4000/month, spend about $4000/month. Bank balance is about $9,300, up from $9,000 last month.)

**THANKS to all of you who are supporting DDEV’s path to sustainability** and who have gotten your organizations to do so.

Want to keep up as the month goes along? Follow our
* [blog](https://ddev.com/blog/), 
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ddev-foundation), 
* [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@ddev), 

> * [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/ddev.bsky.social) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/ddev.bsky.social),
```
